Snabb beräkning-Privacy
This Privacy Policy introduces the policies and practices associated with this App Private Data, which will cover how we collect, use, process, store and/or disclose personal information about you collected through this App. Please read our privacy policy carefully.
First, how can our company collect your personal information?Personal information is the data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.When you use this App, we will collect your location information in the process of using. In order to protect personal privacy, you should not provide any other information other than the App requirements.
Two. How does App use your personal information?1, through your location, send you the service information of this App.2. Except in the event of reorganization, merger or sale of this App, all personal information collected by us may be transferred to the relevant third party, this App will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless it has obtained your prior permission, or the third party and this App alone or jointly provide you with it. After the service is finished, it will be forbidden to access all of this information, including all that it has previously been able to access.
Three, personal information securityEnsuring the safety of your personal data is crucial to us. When you are in this App, we will encrypt these information with Secure Sockets Layer Technology (SSL).In the two phases of data transfer and data custody, we will protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewalls, encryption and data privacy laws.However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% safe. Therefore, although we protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable way, there is still no guarantee of its absolute security.
Four. How long will the App keep personal information?Generally speaking, this App will retain only your personal information for the period required to fulfill the purpose of collection, and will comply with the data retention period stipulated by applicable law.
Five, Legal DisclaimerWe have the right to disclose your personal information when required by law and when the Company considers it necessary to disclose information relating to you to protect its legal rights and/or to comply with judicial procedures, court orders or legal procedures applicable to this App.
Six. Change of privacy policy.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website and where we think they are appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.Our company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it regularly. If a major change is made to this policy, this App will be notified through the form of website notice.
Seven, privacy issuesIf you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at AnselPaiement@gmail.com.
